chore: add Gitpod support (#439)
asyncapi/website: README.md

  ├── postcss.config.js           # PostCSS configuration file
  └── tailwind.config.js          # TailwindCSS configuration file
```

> ## Spin up Gitpod codespace

Reviewer: I think it should actually be a h3 ("###") under `Development` section, like an alternative way of spinning up a dev environment

Reviewer 2: hmmm! 🧐 Sure, I can see that too.

In order to prepare and spin up a Gitpod dev environment for our project, we configured our workspace through a [.gitpod.yml](/.gitpod.yml) file.

> To spin up a Gitpod codespace, use **8080** for your port number: `http://localhost:8080/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To spin up a Gitpod codespace, go to http://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/asyncapi/website
```

I'm not GitPod user, but afaik it works anywhere, on any repo, and what `.gitpod.yml` gives us that codespace doesn't include code editor only but also starts a development server inside the codespace, but for user it is not relevant to know on what port.

Please correct me if I'm wrong

Reviewer 2: Same here, I'm also not a Gitpod user and am new to checking it out. 

Ah! Yes, I think you are correct! (Unless Pauline says otherwise, I am going to agree that we can replace the port info for this link.)
